

Once upon a time


It was cold. 
So cold, that the people feared they would not be able to make it through the winter.
Upon the ramparts of Fort Lafferre, a guild of adventurers lived.
The adventurers were very cold.

They where bold and returning. 
They ate and drank merrily, indulging in the rewards earned by their bravery.
For they had slayed a dragon!
A dragon with blood red scales, and a black barbed tail.
They enjoyed their night thoroughly, knowing they would be given their next quest in the morning.
They celebrated while they could, for their next quest was one of great peril.
And in the morning the great wizard woke.
With a great belowing voice a new quest he had spoke.
He told the adventurers to rescue Princess Fiona.
And the adventurers responded, "AYE AYE, CAPTAIN!"
And the bellowing voice said, "I CAN'T HEAR YOU!"
The adventurers said to the wizard that he needed to get better ears.
But in response to those rude adventurers, he struck them with lightning, turning them into Capybaras.
He wasn't trying to turn them into Capybaras, he was trying to electrocute them, but such is the life of a wizard.
The Capybaras squealed and grunted, running circles around the wizard until he grew tired and turned them back.
The adventurers, now human once again, continued on their journey to find the princess.
They plotted revenge on the wizard while they traveled.
Days into their journey, they spotted it. The evil structure where the princess was being held.
The structure was surrounded by a moat of lava, and being guarded by a dragon.
Cross the moat, they must, and so they ran across a drawbridge, hand in hand.
The dragon looked rather plump and sedentary, so the adventurers thought up a plan
They brought the dragon peperroni pizza and fancy wine.
The dragon drank the wine and ate the pizza, growing drowsy.
The inebriated dragon's eyelids drooped and head stooped from the wine and full belly
On this island of peaches, there lived a girl too.
And though none knew, she was the princess past the dragon they were supposed to slew.
The girl challenged the Lafferre Guild champion to a cybersecurity duel.
The dragon decided to take a long nap
She was smart and quick-witted, and managed to escape them both to the mainland.
The adventurers rejoiced, for their scheme had been successful.
But after only a few hours of napping the dragon was suddenly woken
Quickly, the adventurers hatched a plan.
Then they called to the princess to bring them her girdle.
With this they bound the dragon fast, and gave the end of the girdle into her hand, and the subdued monster crawled after them like a dog.
While the girdle bought our fated hero's some time, the dragon was right on their tail.
Suddenly, the princess trips and falls.
Her slipper soars through the air.
The princess becomes very distraught about her pure gold slipper
Thankfully, the princess looked up, and saw her slipper flying back down to the ground.
Unfortunately, the slipper continued falling and landed directly on her face. Ouch.
The slipper hit her so hard on the head.
That she now has a fractured skull.
However, the princess was unfazed!
The princess had been blessed with a thick head.
Suddenly, the dragon broke through the adventurers' plasma shields.
A passing peasant wondered where the plot went.
She continued her journey and made sure that nothing else would get in her way.
After awaking, there was a man with lush long dark red hair standing before her.
Struggling to stay conscious, the princess considered that given the events of today, waking up in the company of a stange man with a robust head of hair wasn't the worst outcome.
He then picked her up, and put her on his might steed.Until she fell again.
And her gold slipper flew back into the sky.
It would seem that the slipper had done more than just crack open her head, and left the princess with a damaged brain.
A minor case of serious brain damage.
She was cheerfully unaware that her heroic friends were screaming on mute as the dragon severed their networks.
The courageous heroes could not fix their networks, and had no mobile data here.
The man with the lush long dark red hair, quickly rushed to catch her slipper before it was smashed into the ground.
But while running to catch it he tripped and fell and the slipper also hit him on the head.
The man with the red hair shriecked and the whole kingdom heard his pain.
He took his last look at life and fell unconcious.
Once the princess had regained consciousness, she saddled her horse with the dying red haired man
The princess, upon seeing seeing his death, considered her options, and passed out again.
The adventurers wondered if the princess was worth saving.
Oh, what a woeful sight it was.  The princess was gleefully riding along with her horse while the man with the most gorgeous, silky, red hair you've ever seen, was bleeding out next to her.
While this was happening the dragon was breaking through the lines of adventurers sent to defend her.
It roared, sending all but the bravest aback!
As the dragon swiftly approached, her demise seemed imminent as only one person was standing between her and the dragon.
Luckily, that person was Sean Goggins, the Bulwark of the Lafferre Guild.
The weary traveller looked into the sky and realized it might rain.
Sean was a mighty warrior, one who could best the dragon with a single swing of his sword
He approached the dragon alone, ready to defend the rest.
Goggins was the only person left that could stop the dragon.
This was because he possessed the thing that the dragon feared most.
The greatly feared but ever-present macbook that rampantly terrorizes the lecture halls of many cs classes.
"OH MY GOD! HE'S GONNA CODE THE DRAGON AWAY," yelled the princess.
He wondered when his journey would finally be over.
To accompany the macbook, he pulled out a rainbow colored mechanical keyboard.
Through the power of programming, Goggins stood up to the dragon.
Goggins multiplexed the universe's mainframe into a remote access trojan vector matrix and uninstalled the dragon from existence.
Goggins some how slayed the dragon. pleased with his success he took the dragon head as a trophy for his newly finished garage.
Turning to the princess he held out his hand.
The princess grabbed his hand and rose from the ground.
He dusted her off, decided she looked good enough to walk, and left for his new garage.
Inside his garage he kept all of his favorite weapons.
He grabbed his favorite weapon to show the princess.
"Behold, the famed conking stick, with which I conk my enemies in the head!" He exclaimed.
When the princess didn't respond, Goggins looked up to notice she had gone cross-eyed; perhaps the brain damage had set in.
He pondered if he would have to attempt serious brain surgery.
But ultimately decided that it was best left the way it was.

The end. 


